README.md, before:

# React boilerplate [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gizmodesbois/react-boilerplate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gizmodesbois/react-boilerplate) [![jest](https://jestjs.io/img/jest-badge.svg)](https://github.com/facebook/jest)

## Quick overview

```sh
git clone git@github.com:gizmodesbois/react-boilerplate.git
cd react-boilerplate
yarn install
yarn start
```

That's it. You don't need more to run the application.

## Use the app

**You’ll need to have Node >= 8.11.3  and NPM >= 5.6.0 on your local development machine** (but it’s not required on the server). You can use [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#installation) (macOS/Linux) or [nvm-windows](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows#node-version-manager-nvm-for-windows) to easily switch Node versions between different projects.

### `yarn start` or `npm start`

Runs the app in development mode.
Open http://localhost:8080 to view it in the browser.

The page will automatically reload if you make changes to the code.
You will see the build errors and lint warnings in the console.

### `npm test` or `yarn test`

Runs the test watcher in an interactive mode.<br>
By default, runs tests related to files changed since the last commit.

### `npm run build` or `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

Your app is ready to be deployed.

## What's included ?

Your environment will have everything you need to build a modern single-page React app:

* React, JSX and ES6 syntax support.
* Language extras beyond ES6 like the object spread operator.
* Autoprefixed CSS, so you don’t need `-webkit-` or other prefixes.
* A fast interactive unit test runner with built-in support for coverage reporting.
* A live development server that warns about common mistakes.
* Auto merge of CSS rules to minify build size and duplication.
* Auto merge the Media queries rules.
* Dodz support directly inside the application.

## License

React boilerplate is open source software [licensed as MIT](https://github.com/gizmodesbois/react-boilerplate/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add GraphQL, Redux and redux form - add configuration and initiate store and apollo client

README.md, after:

# React boilerplate [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gizmodesbois/react-boilerplate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gizmodesbois/react-boilerplate) [![jest](https://jestjs.io/img/jest-badge.svg)](https://github.com/facebook/jest)

## Quick overview

```sh
git clone git@github.com:gizmodesbois/react-boilerplate.git
cd react-boilerplate
yarn install
yarn start
```

That's it. You don't need more to run the application.

## Use the app

**You’ll need to have Node >= 8.11.3  and NPM >= 5.6.0 on your local development machine** (but it’s not required on the server). You can use [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#installation) (macOS/Linux) or [nvm-windows](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows#node-version-manager-nvm-for-windows) to easily switch Node versions between different projects.

### `yarn start` or `npm start`

Runs the app in development mode.
Open http://localhost:8080 to view it in the browser.

The page will automatically reload if you make changes to the code.
You will see the build errors and lint warnings in the console.

### `npm test` or `yarn test`

Runs the test watcher in an interactive mode.<br>
By default, runs tests related to files changed since the last commit.

### `npm run build` or `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

Your app is ready to be deployed.

## What's included ?

Your environment will have everything you need to build a modern single-page React app:

* React, JSX and ES6 syntax support.
* Language extras beyond ES6 like the object spread operator.
* Autoprefixed CSS, so you don’t need `-webkit-` or other prefixes.
* A fast interactive unit test runner with built-in support for coverage reporting.
* A live development server that warns about common mistakes.
* Auto merge of CSS rules to minify build size and duplication.
* Auto merge the Media queries rules.
* Dodz support directly inside the application.

## GraphQL & Apollo

The application is using GraphQL & Apollo as back-end service.

You are free to remove it or use it with a REST api.

## Redux

Redux will let you create a store inside your application.

We also added the redux-form for your application's forms.

## License

React boilerplate is open source software [licensed as MIT](https://github.com/gizmodesbois/react-boilerplate/blob/master/LICENSE).
